add tl;dr about failed quality jobs to pre-commit docs (#3665)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/proc-pages/development/pre-commit.md

# Pre-commit

!!! Info "TL;DR: the quality job fails"

>     If the quality job fails, run pre-commit using `pre-commit run --all-files` and commit the file changes to your branch. If this doesn't solve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the quality job fails, run pre-commit using `pre-commit run --all-files` and fix any failures (some issues may be fixed automatically). Add and commit the changes until pre-commit no longer fails. If this doesn't solve
```
